# Zentry
 
With the help of the internet, every machine is controlled, which makes people's lives easier. Parents are distressing about their safety which has become the first barrier to send their kids outside. In our country, even though there is economic development, there are still many crimes happening.
Even if the distances are too great, we can use technology and the internet to access and control machines and other items that are connected to the internet. We are able to send and receive information without human-human or computer-human interaction. But there has been no decrease in acid attacks, rapes, or harassment. A smart device is made to keep them secure. The safety equipment should be fairly basic, portable, and provide a variety of functions. Our goal is to empower people and give them the self-assurance and strength they need to combat the parasites that rule our society. A system that will reinstate how gregarious humans are is what is anticipated. The first thing that comes to your mind while dealing with being eve-teased by unknown strangers, however, shouldn't be downloading an app from the Google Play Store or the App Store! You lose all mental clarity and begin to just search for a way out. It is necessary to have a mechanism to address unforeseen issues.
The Personal Safety Application allows users to trigger an event and report any emergency. This is an automated and efficient way of using the internet and application in this case of emergency. The application captures images and records the surrounding audio for 10 seconds. This data will be reported to the registered emergency contacts and act as a piece of digital evidence.
